h1. Spatial Search

This is a simple initial implementation of spatial search
To simplify the implementation numerous shortcuts have been taken. The goal was to have a working proof-of-concept.

h2. Requirement

This application requires:

* Ruby version 1.9.3
* Rails version 3.2.9

h2. Database

This application uses SQLite with ActiveRecord.

h2. Install

* Clone the repository. 
* Run `bundle` 
* Run `rake db:migrate` 
* Run `rake db:seed` 
* Run `rails s` 

h2. Shortcuts

Filter is hardcoded in config/filter.json
A distance parameter has been added to the filter
Location has been ignored and distance has been used instead to simulate the radius limit of the search
In the seeds data, Listing has a distance field (randomly populated) that is considered to be the distance from the desired location...again it is purely to demonstrate the logic, and it is well understood that it is not intended to be used beyond this demo.
Price creterion is just ASC sorted and doesn't implement variance.

h2. Credits

All the open source developers for the Rails framework and numerous gems used...Thank you.

Olivier Oudry for Alpha2Real

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2012 Olivier Oudry
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
